I'm Omori's fiancee
I can't even do this position.
Can you do it
Miss Chu Chu, this is my position.
Sorry, sorry.
Butler, you sit, you sit
Hey, if you want to be the mistress of such a big business
It is also necessary to use some means
But now is not the time.
I picked up a shelf and put it up
Don't take me seriously
It would be great if you did enter the house
Humph grandma
grandma
I'll go back, I wish you all a good day today
Su Wanqing, your eyelashes are really good
Not Chu Chu
I really just wanted to remind you
Chu Chu, I believe Secretary Su's intentions are good
It's my first day here.
It made grandma unhappy
How can I live here after that?